- Like we've done a couple times before,
we will create a presigned URL for public downloading of
our private objects.
keeping note with the Java SDK is going to act
a little bit differently than we saw with Python,
in the way that it behaves
and the way that you interact with it.
Let's jump back into our IDE.
And we will create a new method
called create presigned URL.
And we need to set a bucket and a key.
so the string results,
equal to null
and we will return that result.
Now before we go any further on actually implementing this,
we need to modify our class a little bit,
jump back up here towards the top of the class where
our statics are,
and we're going to create a new private final variable,
of type s3 presigner.
We will simply call it presigner.
Now because that's final,
we need to pass it into the constructor.
And now we need to go down to our main method
and create that when we create our class.
So much like we did with the client,
we will do an s3 presigner.
This time we are going to use the builder
for the s3 presigner.
And we will pass it the same credentials provider.
Ideally,
we could have abstract that
and shared the same one but this will work for right now.
And let's pass that pre signer over to our class.
So now we kind of have the infrastructure set up.
Let's go back up here
where we started implementing our method.
And we can get going doing this.
Alright so the first thing that we're going to do
is a get object Pre signed request,
call that request.
And as you might imagine,
there is a builder.
First thing we want to do is call the get object request.
And get object request.
also has a builder.
We need to pass that one, the bucket,
and the key.
and back our original builder,
we set a signature duration.
Now we could have passed that in and probably should have,
but for the purposes of this demo,
it's just fine to set it here.
We'll set it to duration of 30 seconds.
And now we have our object request.
So now what we're going to do
is we're going to create a pre signed get object request,
call this one p request.
That's going to be equal to our pre signer,
dot pre signed get object.
And we will send in our request.
And at this point we have the string that we need to do.
So,
our result,
is going to be equal to
P request
dot url
dot to string,
which should be returned.
We'll put in our catch block.
And we can now jump back down here into main.
And now let's call app dot create pre signed URL.
We will pass it our primary bucket
and let's do f two.
Now this is going to return a string,
So we need to output that.
So we'll just do a System dot out dot print line,
on that URL.
And now let's run our program.
So now we got a URL If we click that URL,
it will download a file.
And if we open that file up,
you'll see we have data.
Since that's all there was to
generating that preset request.
And this is a very useful tool.
It obviously is a little bit different
with having to have a different object to generate that URL.
But it's pretty straightforward once you get the hang of it.
And of course, you're using builders everywhere.